[do not merge] Versions, Deployments, Gradual Deployments (#13429)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/configuration/versions-and-deployments/rollbacks.md

---
pcx_content_type: configuration
title: Rollbacks
meta:
  description: Revert to an older version of your Worker with rollbacks. 
---

{{<heading-pill style="beta">}}Gradual Deployments{{</heading-pill>}}

## Rollbacks

> Rollbacks are a way to deploy an older version to the Cloudflare global network. Rollbacks are useful if you notice issues with a version that has been deployed and want to get the Worker back into a stable version. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can immediately roll back to a previously deployed version (link to versions page) of your Worker using Wrangler (link) or the dashboard. <something about how fast rolling back is>
```

> Perform a rollback via [Wrangler](/workers/configuration/deployments/#via-wrangler-1) or the [Cloudflare dashboard](/workers/configuration/deployments/#via-the-cloudflare-dashboard-1).

Reviewer: Think should treat "rollback" as verb not noun in these docs.

Reviewer 2: "roll back" - compound verb
"rollback" - noun

?

Reviewer: ^ agree

### Via Wrangler

To perform a rollback via Wrangler, use the `wrangler rollback` command. Refer to [Wrangler `rollback` command documentation](/workers/wrangler/commands#rollback) for more information.

### Via the Cloudflare Dashboard

To perform a rollback via the Cloudflare dashboard:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com) and select your account.
2. Go to **Workers & Pages** and in **Overview**, select your Worker > **Deployments**. 
3. Find the version you would like to rollback to.
4. Select the three dot icon on the right of the deployment and select **Rollback**.

## Limitations

> Rollbacks are only valid to the latest 10 versions. 

Reviewer: Active voice

```suggestion
You can only rollback to the 10 most recently published versions (link to versions docs) 
```

> Rollbacks will not be allowed if external resources have been deleted or modified between the target deployment and the active deployment. Specifically, rollbacks will not be allowed if:

Reviewer: "you cannot..."

- A [Durable Object migration](/durable-objects/reference/durable-objects-migrations/) has occurred between the active deployment and target deployment.
- If the target deployment has a binding to an R2 bucket, KV namespace, or queue that no longer exists.
- If the target deployment has a binding to a D1 database (this limitation will be removed in the future).

> Bound resources will not be changed during a rollback. This means if the structure of data has changed between the active deployment and the version selected to rollback to, errors could occur using older bundled code with changed data.

Reviewer: Can use word that is clearer than "bound resources"?

---
pcx_content_type: configuration
title: Rollbacks
meta:
  description: Revert to an older version of your Worker. 
---

{{<heading-pill style="beta">}}Rollbacks{{</heading-pill>}}

> You can rollback to a previously deployed [version](/workers/configuration/versions-and-deployments/#versions) of your Worker using [wrangler](/workers/wrangler/commands/#rollback) or the dashboard. Rollback will immediately create a new [deployment](/workers/configuration/versions-and-deployments/#deployments) with the version specified and become the active deployment across all your deployed routes and domains. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can roll back to a previously deployed [version](/workers/configuration/versions-and-deployments/#versions) of your Worker using [Wrangler](/workers/wrangler/commands/#rollback) or the Cloudflare dashboard. Rolling back to a previous version of your Worker will immediately create a new [deployment](/workers/configuration/versions-and-deployments/#deployments) with the version specified and become the active deployment across all your deployed routes and domains. 
```

> Perform a rollback via [Wrangler](/workers/configuration/deployments/#via-wrangler-1) or the [Cloudflare dashboard](/workers/configuration/deployments/#via-the-cloudflare-dashboard-1).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Roll back via [Wrangler](/workers/configuration/deployments/#via-wrangler-1) or the [Cloudflare dashboard](/workers/configuration/deployments/#via-the-cloudflare-dashboard-1).
```

## Via Wrangler

> To roll back via Wrangler, use the `wrangler rollback` command. Refer to [Wrangler `rollback` command documentation](/workers/wrangler/commands/#rollback) for more information.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To roll back to a previous version of your Worker via Wrangler, use the `wrangler rollback` command. Refer to [Wrangler `rollback` command documentation](/workers/wrangler/commands/#rollback) for more information.
```

## Via the Cloudflare Dashboard

> To perform a rollback via the Cloudflare dashboard:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To roll back to a previous version of your Worker via the Cloudflare dashboard:
```

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers) and select your account.

> 2. In **Overview**, select your Worker > **Deployments**. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Go to **Workers & Pages** > select your Worker > **Deployments**. 
```

> 3. Select the three dot icon on the right of the version you would like to rollback to and select **Rollback**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Select the three dot icon on the right of the version you would like to roll back to and select **Rollback**.
```

{{<Aside type="warning">}}

**[Resources connected to your Worker](/workers/configuration/bindings/) will not be changed during a rollback.**

Errors could occur if using code for a prior version if the structure of data has changed between the version in the active deployment and the version selected to rollback to.

{{</Aside>}}
## Limits

> 1. You can only rollback to the 10 most recently published versions. 
> 
> 2. You cannot perform a rollback if Cloudflare Developer Platform resources (eg. bound services, KV, D1) have been deleted or modified between the version selected to rollback to and the version in the active deployment. Specifically, rollbacks will not be allowed if:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Rollbacks limit

You can only roll back to the 10 most recently published versions.

### Bindings

You cannot roll back to a previous version of your Worker if the [Cloudflare Developer Platform resources](/workers/configuration/bindings/) (such as [KV](/kv/) and [D1](/d1/)) have been deleted or modified between the version selected to roll back to and the version in the active deployment. Specifically, rollbacks will not be allowed if:
```

> - A [Durable Object migration](/durable-objects/reference/durable-objects-migrations/) has occurred between the version in the active deployment and the version selected to rollback to.
> - If the target deployment has a binding to an R2 bucket, KV namespace, or queue that no longer exists.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- A [Durable Object migration](/durable-objects/reference/durable-objects-migrations/) has occurred between the version in the active deployment and the version selected to roll back to.
- If the target deployment has a [binding](/workers/configuration/bindings/) to an R2 bucket, KV namespace, or queue that no longer exists.
```

---
pcx_content_type: configuration
title: Rollbacks
meta:
  description: Revert to an older version of your Worker. 
---

{{<heading-pill style="beta">}}Rollbacks{{</heading-pill>}}

> You can rollback to a previously deployed [version](/workers/configuration/versions-and-deployments/#versions) of your Worker using [wrangler](/workers/wrangler/commands/#rollback) or the dashboard. Rollback will immediatley create a new [deployment](/workers/configuration/versions-and-deployments/#deployments) with the version specified and become the active deployment across all your deployed routes and domains. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can rollback to a previously deployed [version](/workers/configuration/versions-and-deployments/#versions) of your Worker using [wrangler](/workers/wrangler/commands/#rollback) or the dashboard. Rollback will immediately create a new [deployment](/workers/configuration/versions-and-deployments/#deployments) with the version specified and become the active deployment across all your deployed routes and domains. 
```

Perform a rollback via [Wrangler](/workers/configuration/deployments/#via-wrangler-1) or the [Cloudflare dashboard](/workers/configuration/deployments/#via-the-cloudflare-dashboard-1).

## Via Wrangler

> To perform a rollback via Wrangler, use the `wrangler rollback` command. Refer to [Wrangler `rollback` command documentation](/workers/wrangler/commands/#rollback) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To roll back via Wrangler, use the `wrangler rollback` command. Refer to [Wrangler `rollback` command documentation](/workers/wrangler/commands/#rollback) for more information.
```

## Via the Cloudflare Dashboard

To perform a rollback via the Cloudflare dashboard:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers) and select your account.
2. In **Overview**, select your Worker > **Deployments**. 
3. Select the three dot icon on the right of the version you would like to rollback to and select **Rollback**.

{{<Aside type="warning">}}

> **[Resources connected to your Worker](/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/) will not be changed during a rollback.**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**[Resources connected to your Worker](/workers/configuration/bindings/) will not be changed during a rollback.**
```

> Errors could occur if using code for a prior version if the structure of data has changed between the version in the active deployment and the version selected to rollback to.

Reviewer 3: Two if statements here ready very strangely. rephrase?

Reviewer 3: @tanushreesharma-cf

{{</Aside>}}

> ## Limitations

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Limits
```

1. You can only rollback to the 10 most recently published versions. 

> 2. You cannot perform a rollback if external resources have been deleted or modified between the version selected to rollback to and the version in the active deployment. Specifically, rollbacks will not be allowed if:

Reviewer 3: Does 'external resource' here specifically mean Cloudflare Dev Plat resources? If so, let's change to match the definition of bindings. external resources => Cloudflare Developer Platform resources

> - A [Durable Object migration](/durable-objects/reference/durable-objects-migrations/) has occurred between the version in the actoive dfeployment and the the version selected to rollback to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A [Durable Object migration](/durable-objects/reference/durable-objects-migrations/) has occurred between the version in the active deployment and the version selected to rollback to.
```
